How are you feeling today ?
Why you choose cse?
What else profession do you choose ,if not this?and why?
Biggest challenge in life ?
Why lti mindtree?
Which you choose hardwork or smart work ?why?
Gen ai going to replace human jobs?
If you selected do you want to relocate?
Willing to work shift wise?
  tell me about yourself.
can you abbreviate CMR.
why choose the department that you are in (CSE).
tell me 5 things you like about your college.
what is your biggest achievement and a failure you faced.
was there a instance where you worked as a team in achieving some common goal.
how would you provide value to a team.
would you like to relocate.
are you comfortable with any shift timings.
Directly asked about projects without intro
Why did you choose your btech
Why did you choose this particular project
What difficulties u faced in ur projects 
Reallocate
Night shifts
Can ai replace humans 
What is biggest achievement 
Why lti
Briefly introduce yourself
What is the full form of CMR?
Why did you join CMR?
What do you think is the difference in being a day scholar and a hosteler and What would you prefer?
Are you flexible with different locations and shifts?
Do you have any questions for us?
  Intro
I mentioned watching movies as one of my hobbies so the interviewer asked what kind of movie do u like, tell me a movie u have recently watched, what is the plot of the movie?
Are you flexible with different locations and shifts?
Do you have any questions for us?
  How are you feeling today ?
What made you choose engineering?
If not this engineering what would you choose  another profession ?
Relocation and shiftss
What do you choose hard work or smart work ?
If manager has assigned to 2 tasks with same priority and the deadlines on same day, what will you do ?
Project question 
What was the biggest challenge and how did you handle that situation. Explain ?
  Introduce yourself 
Tell about your project 
Why you choose IT field? 
What is mean by good leadership qualities? 
 what made you to choose an electrical and electronic stream?
What problems you faced during the project? 
Ready to relocate ?
Strength and weakness
  Tell me about yourself 
Explain one of your project
Are you dayscholar or hostler
Will you able to travel different locations and what are the steps you will be taking to travel through multiple locations 
Willing to relocate?
Are you flexible in the technologies you have mentioned
Intro
About internship 
CMR full form
Flexible with night shifts
Relocate 
Why you like cricket 
How will you manage preparation for interviews and semester work
10th, intermediate percentages 
U hold Govt verified aadhar card and PAN Card? 
Self Introduction 
Where do you think you are not satisfied in your work ?
Flexible working and night sights 
Willing to Relocate?
  1)how r u today?
2)did u have ur breakfast?
3) briefly introduce yourself 
4)your biggest failure?
5)why lti?
6)why should we hire you?
7)if two employees are having a dispute how would u resolve it
Self introduction. 
Project.
Do u want to relocate 
Hobbies.
Explain how do you come from your home town to Delhi airport
Any questions.
  How are you feeling today
Why did you choose this project
Hardwork or smartwork
Why ltimindtree
How would you contribute to this company 
Are you willing to relocate 
Are you willing to work in shifts
How are you feeling today?
Tell me about your projects? 
Why ltimindtree?
Will AI replace human jobs?
Advantages nd disadvantages of AI
If manager has assigned to 2 tasks with same prority and the deadlines on same day, what will you do?
Do you have any active backlogs?
Are you willing to relocate?
Are you willing to work in shifts?
1) Self intoduction
2)If there are multiple projects having same priority with same deadlines how will you manage
3) How do you manage conflicts in team projects
4) Internship experience
5) Any questions
1. Had breakfast and what did you ate?
2. Self introduction 
3. Why lti?
4. Why should we hire you?
5. Tell me a situation where you had a setback and how did you overcome it?
6. What would you do and handle a critical situation?
7. What is better, working perfectly and submitting on a delay or working good and submitting on time?
8. What is a good work culture?
9. ⁠willing to relocate?
10. ⁠willing to work in night shifts?
11. ⁠what made you choose your college?
12. ⁠any questions for me?
  Self interoduction 
Why did u choose cmr 
How can u manage the task with a deadline 
Why lti
Why should we hire u 
How will u solve the conflict between yourself and team manager 
Smartwork and hardwork
Willing to relocate 
Work in any shifts 
Any questions for me
How are you feeling today
Brief me about yourself
Willing to relocate
Willing to work with night shifts
If an organisation teaches or allocates you in new tech stack which actually you don't know then how would you proceed
Any questions
1)intro 
2)how are you feeling today 
3) diploma percentage 
4) why did you choose engineering 
5) if not engineering then what would you choose as a career option 
6) why LTI mind tree 
7) if a manager assigns you two tasks of same deadline and same priority
what will be your plan of action ?
8) hardest challenge you have faced 
9) willing to relocate ?
10) smart work or hardwork? and share your experience where you chose smart work over hardwork
11) are you willing to work at night shifts ?
  Self introduction
If you do not know about some work or technology that is assigned to you  what do you do then ?
Did ever had to learn quickly anything quickly ?
How do u handle a conflict while working with your teammates ?
How do u handle a conflict while working on project ?
How do you prioritize tasks when multiple projects are assigned to you?
What was challenging while working on a project how did you overcome it? 
Did you ever lead a team ? How will u manage your team.
Are you willing to relocate, learn new technologies ?
How will you receive criticism received from your mentors how did you handle it. ?
Any questions
How is life treating you
How is life at Hyderabad 
Relocation 
Time shifts
What are the difficulties faced in project 

If you get a chance to modify a app , which app you will modify and what the features your will add in that app

Why you choose engineering 

Apart from engineering what do you want to join 

About academic background
Why lti mindtree 
Nightshfits
Relocation
Self introduction

Which one do you prefer in front end and backend?

What is a challenging technology you found hard?

If you have a junior, who is just starting his college, how would you advise him to start his coding journey?

Are you flexible with working in different shifts?

Are you willing to learn new technologies which we will be going to assign in the future?

Do you have any questions for me?
  Self intro
What are your hobbies 
About recent cricket match
How do you resolve conflicts with your teammates?
What are the challenges faced ?
How do you learn new concepts?
Describe yourself in 3 words?
Given multiple tasks with same deadline how do you complete them ?
Are you willing to relocate and work at different timings ?
  Self introduction 
Why LTI
Achievement 
How do you face criticism and how you will overcome it
Willing to relocate and about shifts
How to manage many tasks at a time
What is your biggest failure 
Difference between confidence and overconfidence 
Any questions ?
Self intro
Hobbies
Describe about a movie
Challenging situation 
Something u learnt in less time
Relocation
why lti
How u prioritise tasks
Cross skilling and upskilling
Night shifts
Any questions
